# AddPrivateEndpointConnectionRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**EndpointId** | **string** | endpoint_id is the id of the private endpoint associated with a cluster&#39;s private endpoint service. The private endpoint is customer-created and its id is generated by the cloud provider at endpoint creation time. | 

## Methods

### NewAddPrivateEndpointConnectionRequest

`func NewAddPrivateEndpointConnectionRequest(endpointId string, ) *AddPrivateEndpointConnectionRequest`

NewAddPrivateEndpointConnectionRequest instantiates a new AddPrivateEndpointConnectionRequest object.
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed.

### NewAddPrivateEndpointConnectionRequestWithDefaults

`func NewAddPrivateEndpointConnectionRequestWithDefaults() *AddPrivateEndpointConnectionRequest`

NewAddPrivateEndpointConnectionRequestWithDefaults instantiates a new AddPrivateEndpointConnectionRequest object.
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set.

### GetEndpointId

`func (o *AddPrivateEndpointConnectionRequest) GetEndpointId() string`

GetEndpointId returns the EndpointId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### SetEndpointId

`func (o *AddPrivateEndpointConnectionRequest) SetEndpointId(v string)`

SetEndpointId sets EndpointId field to given value.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


