# PrivateEndpointConnection

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CloudProvider** | [**CloudProviderType**](CloudProviderType.md) |  | 
**EndpointId** | **string** | endpoint_id is the id of the private endpoint associated with this connection. The private endpoint is customer-created and its id is generated by the cloud provider at endpoint creation time. | 
**EndpointServiceId** | **string** | endpoint_service_id is the id of the private endpoint service associated with this connection. | 
**ExternalOwnerId** | Pointer to **string** | external_owner_id uniquely identifies the owner of the private endpoint connection cloud resource. This idenfier is the AWS account id owning the PrivateLink connection. This field is only valid on AWS clusters. | [optional] 
**RegionName** | Pointer to **string** | region_name is the cloud provider region name (e.g. us-east-1). | [optional] 
**ServiceName** | **string** | service_name is the name of the private endpoints service that this connection corresponds to. | 
**Status** | [**PrivateEndpointConnectionStatus**](PrivateEndpointConnectionStatus.md) |  | 

## Methods

### NewPrivateEndpointConnection

`func NewPrivateEndpointConnection(cloudProvider CloudProviderType, endpointId string, endpointServiceId string, serviceName string, status PrivateEndpointConnectionStatus, ) *PrivateEndpointConnection`

NewPrivateEndpointConnection instantiates a new PrivateEndpointConnection object.
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed.

### NewPrivateEndpointConnectionWithDefaults

`func NewPrivateEndpointConnectionWithDefaults() *PrivateEndpointConnection`

NewPrivateEndpointConnectionWithDefaults instantiates a new PrivateEndpointConnection object.
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set.

### GetCloudProvider

`func (o *PrivateEndpointConnection) GetCloudProvider() CloudProviderType`

GetCloudProvider returns the CloudProvider field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### SetCloudProvider

`func (o *PrivateEndpointConnection) SetCloudProvider(v CloudProviderType)`

SetCloudProvider sets CloudProvider field to given value.

### GetEndpointId

`func (o *PrivateEndpointConnection) GetEndpointId() string`

GetEndpointId returns the EndpointId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### SetEndpointId

`func (o *PrivateEndpointConnection) SetEndpointId(v string)`

SetEndpointId sets EndpointId field to given value.

### GetEndpointServiceId

`func (o *PrivateEndpointConnection) GetEndpointServiceId() string`

GetEndpointServiceId returns the EndpointServiceId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### SetEndpointServiceId

`func (o *PrivateEndpointConnection) SetEndpointServiceId(v string)`

SetEndpointServiceId sets EndpointServiceId field to given value.

### GetExternalOwnerId

`func (o *PrivateEndpointConnection) GetExternalOwnerId() string`

GetExternalOwnerId returns the ExternalOwnerId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### SetExternalOwnerId

`func (o *PrivateEndpointConnection) SetExternalOwnerId(v string)`

SetExternalOwnerId sets ExternalOwnerId field to given value.

### GetRegionName

`func (o *PrivateEndpointConnection) GetRegionName() string`

GetRegionName returns the RegionName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### SetRegionName

`func (o *PrivateEndpointConnection) SetRegionName(v string)`

SetRegionName sets RegionName field to given value.

### GetServiceName

`func (o *PrivateEndpointConnection) GetServiceName() string`

GetServiceName returns the ServiceName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### SetServiceName

`func (o *PrivateEndpointConnection) SetServiceName(v string)`

SetServiceName sets ServiceName field to given value.

### GetStatus

`func (o *PrivateEndpointConnection) GetStatus() PrivateEndpointConnectionStatus`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### SetStatus

`func (o *PrivateEndpointConnection) SetStatus(v PrivateEndpointConnectionStatus)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


